You don't want Wuji brother
I want
Long time no see brother Wuji
You are Xiaoyu
OK
Nian Yu, what are you doing here?
In fact, I have had a crush on Brother Wuji since I was a child
You dislike him for being powerless
I don't care!
Xiao Wuji, you really have some skills
Just rejected by Mo Yan
He turned around and caught up with the eldest lady of the Zhang family
A trash like you who wants to rely on women to rise to the top
Hands that don't deserve to appear
If not for the birthday of Grandma Zhao
I also don't want to see you relying on family interpretation again
Release the stubbornness of domineering
Hmph, I don't know the same as trash
You said you came to the birthday party
What about your thin face?
It will be here in a while.
It must be you, the lowly thing
Never seen in my life
Bold you, you little scumbag
How dare you insult the emperor?
I care about my identity
I didn't want to do it for you little scumbag
You are humiliated three times
Then don't blame me Wang Qiang for bullying the small
A mere king dares to respect himself
I just move my finger.
Your king will be destroyed
presumptuous
The Wang family is the head of the four major families
It is also the cow of all families in Beihai Province
How dare you insult the Wang family so much?
Apologize to the king immediately
Master, don't even think about leaving this hall